Hi everybody, welcome to episode 60 of No Such Thing as a Fish. Just a quick announcement
before we begin. My microphone didn't work this week, and as a result, it has infected
the entire other four working microphones. So the show does sound good, but as soon as
I start talking, it's terrible. No change that. Yep, so.
Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
coming to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting
here with James Harkin, Annotzzynski, Andy Murray, and we have a special guest today.
It's the founder, creator of QI, it's Commander John Lloyd, and once again, we have gathered
around our microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in
no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, James Harkin.
Okay, my fact this week is that the final McDonald's burger ever sold in Iceland can currently
be watched decomposing on a webcam. Is that in accordance with a statement that might
have been made last week? I don't know what you're talking about. Yes, last week I may well
have said that Iceland has the most expensive McDonald's burgers, but there has been no McDonald's
in Iceland since 2009. A fact that everyone has been very willing to point out. That doesn't
explain why they're so expensive because it's scarcity value. And so no more McDonald's
in Iceland. And the last one they kept put it in a museum and now it's in a hostel under
a webcam. How's it looking? It's looking fine because burgers tend to not decompose very
much. Yeah, so I read that because there's a some father who's got really outraged, didn't
he? He put one of his kids, McDonald's burgers in a jar or something and filmed it over
the course of weeks and weeks and months and months and said, isn't this outrageous? This
hasn't rotted at all. And McDonald's, I think, ended up, I assume having to be the first
franchise ever to protest. Our food does rot honestly. Please believe us, but yeah, they
don't rot. And it's like, if it doesn't have access to the fluids that allow the bacteria
to thrive, then they just go and be yes. If you keep it dry and you keep no animals near
it or bacteria near it or whatever, then it'll be fine. I like the fact that it's on a webcam
as well, 24 hours a day. Yeah, it's good. Do you know there are webcams where you can
actually watch paint dry? Have you seen that paint peel? There's one, a paint peeling website
and there's a grass growing website. And there's one where you can or you could see a cheddar
cheese mature. And it was on for a year, which I don't know how long this cheese takes to mature.
And the cheese was known as wedginalt apparently. And it got you to get Valentine's cards from
America and assigned rugby ball from the British rugby team. The cheese. Yeah, it had a million
fans. Did they possibly read mature and think it was some other kind of online thing? Adults,
cheese. X raises cheddar. I'd breakfast by cancer days with a guy used to work on the McDonald's
advertising account. Oh, really? And he said that when they launched their I'm loving it,
which is a terrible slogan. I'm loving it to campaign. They had 30,000 parties all over
the world simultaneously. It's a world record for a number of simultaneously held parties
because they got 34,000 restaurants, as they call them. And I'm like, what is his wrong
restaurant, doesn't it? Yeah, what would you call them? Joints. Food halls. And I looked up some,
I looked up some of these 34,000 out there. Oh gosh. And here they are. Number one. The McDonald's
in Roswell, New Mexico is the only one in the world shaped like a UFO. Really? Actually,
just think about UFOs look a bit like burgers anyway. Yeah, they're. Yeah. Perhaps it's
an accident. And there's a ski through McDonald's in Sweden, in Linnvallem and Sweden. Is there
a hundred yards between the order microphone and the bit where you pick it up? So good to
get the time to prepare it. The price. Did you also see about the world's most expensive
burger, which I think came out this month? It's called the glam burger. And it's available
at Honky Tonk Restaurant, Chelsea. It's just not an ad. And it uses in the burger is Canadian
lobster, New Zealand venison, Kobe beef, black truffleberry, champagne, Iranian saffron,
Himalayan salt, blue gacavia and hickory smoked duck egg covered in edible gold leaf. The
bun is also covered in gold leaf. And it costs 1,100 pounds. Is that with fries? No, fries
are extra. It's 1,102.99. Okay, so you were saying about expensive burgers. I read an article
saying that burgers couldn't have existed 100 years ago. Oh, I love this theory. Yeah, you
saw this. And so it's apparently they didn't really exist back then. But the thing is, if
you have tomatoes, they have to be made at a certain time of year in a certain place in
the planet. The same with beef has to be, you know, in the olden days, you would kill the
cow at a certain time. And the bread would have to be found at a certain time the wheat would
have to be. And so it would be impossible until we have modern farming techniques to actually
have a burger. Wait, you could have had some burgers, right? You just couldn't have mass-produced
them or you couldn't have made a burger. You'd have to take the cow to the wheat field. Yeah.
Kill it there. Yeah. They're not saying that you couldn't get beef on bread at the same
time of year. But for instance, tomatoes would only come through in this summer. Yeah.
And so you'd have to pick those in the summer if you wanted to have tomatoes on your burger
and gokins hadn't been invented yet. It's a burger include the bun. I've never really
understood that. Yes. It does include the bun. Have you been to McDonald's? Can I get some
buns with my... I'll pay extra. I don't mind. I'll pay extra. It does not necessarily include
tomatoes because McDonald's don't have tomatoes by a large. Yeah, that's just that true.
Cheeseburger doesn't. You know where you learn all this stuff? Had no idea this place existed?
Burger University. McDonald's has hamburger universities? Is it in Hamburg? No, it's in Harvard.
Sorry, it's not in Harvard. It's considered to be the Harvard of it. It's in Oak Grove Village,
Illinois. And everyone says it's the Harvard of the fast food universities. And there are
how many other. They have 5,000 students. They have 12 interactive educational teams. They
have in-house professors. Ray Croc taught there, the original McDonald's. Do you know Harvard University?
Does Harvard University have Harvard University ever called itself the Oak Grove Illinois hamburger
of the academic world? Do you know what is the Harvard of the luck-making world? No, it's
surprising. Is it Yale? So this is quite fun. Before 2012, I found this on NPR. Before 2012,
Pizza Hut was the USA's biggest buyer of kale. They did not serve any of it. They used it as a
decoration in their salad bars. NPR checked us out and they said they never heard back from Pizza Hut,
so they did try to fact-check it, but they haven't got it cast iron. That's amazing.
And that was before kale. Yeah, just kale. Yeah, it's taken off now, isn't it? Yeah, really.
You know the Queen technically owns a McDonald's. She works in it, doesn't she? On alternate
Tuesdays, yeah. She studied at that university. No, she basically, the Crown Estate bought up
a big shopping centre effectively. And she's the landlord of it now. And McDonald's is
there as a driver. McDonald's. So she's a landlord of that. She's only shopping centre it is. Yeah,
it's the, it's visible from Windsor Castle. Wow, slow, maybe. Yeah, it's in slow. Yeah, yeah.
I like that visible from Windsor Castle. Do you know the Great Wall of China's visible from
Windsor Castle? No, I think that's been debunked, doesn't it? Yeah, so she also owns a BNQ Superstore.
Some branches of Comet, a JJB sports and mother care. Is she like at one of those hands-on owners
of MicroManager? Do we know? She's always in there, inspecting the staff. She turns up and
demos the rent with a sled chamois every month. Okay, time for fact number two and that is John Lloyd.
My fact that I offer you elves is that in 1851 Prince Albert commissioned a ballroom for
Belmoral Castle made entirely of corrugated iron. Now you think of corrugated iron as being
like a really cheesy, cheap material that's, you know, garden sheds and, you know, tin shacks and
Australia. But from the time that it was invented in 1829, it was an absolutely amazing wonder material.
It's cheap, it's light, it's fireproof, corrosion proof, biodegradable and earthquake resistance,
and it can survive monsoons, heavy snow loads, immense heat, it can be re-acted by unskilled
labor, it really is amazing. I actually went and bought a book on corrugated iron. It's massive,
it's about the size of a corrugated iron sheet because I got so fascinated by it. Wow. These days most
corrugated iron is not iron. No, that's true. It sounds aluminium, zinc and steel generally.
This is the 1890s, it has been that and language just has not caught up. So it's being not iron
for a lot longer than it was iron. Yeah, by now, yeah. Do you know where the word comes from?
The word corrugated, it's rouga, Latin for a wrinkle. Yeah, that's why you say testicles of rougos,
don't you? Do you? Well, I do. Oh, it's constantly. I think I've read that there's a theory and it's not,
it's very, very hard to prove, but there's a theory that more people have been sheltered by
corrugated iron in the 20th century than by any other material in the world. Wow. Isn't that
incredible? I think that's probably true. Because something like 60% of Nairobi's population live in
corrugated iron houses to this day. So isn't that amazing? Yeah. It's amazing, I guess it's
Jones pointing out. I just didn't know the first thing about corrugated iron. Yeah, this is what I
find about corrugated iron is I never thought about it in my whole life before. But then suddenly,
you think this is a really, really important thing. Because in, for example, the First World War,
the Nissenhut invented by Captain Peter Nissen who was a Canadian mining engineer serving with
royal engineers in Britain. He invented this thing again. You just need this because as I said,
it bends in one direction perfectly and it's perfectly rigid in the other. So they build a
hundred thousand Nissenhuts in the First World War, which has two and a half million men around the
trenches. In the Second World War in New Zealand, they came up with a thing called a Bob Semple tank,
which was, it wasn't invented by Bob Semple, but it was his idea. I think he was a politician or
something. And the idea is they would take a tractor and put corrugated iron around it and turn it
into a tank. But unfortunately, due to functional failures, tractor gear problems, public ridicule
and impracticality, the tanks were rejected. So they didn't work and everyone thought they were stupid.
So the reason that corrugated is so strong is if you, it's a bit like, if you have a pizza slice and
you just hold the end of the pizza and it kind of flops over. But if you bend it into like a U shape,
then it kind of stays stiff. And that's the maths behind that. And it was first discovered by Karl
Friedrich Gauss, and he named it the Theorema agregium, which was Latin for the excellent theorem.
He thought it was one of the best things, I mean, he was one of the great mathematicians, but he thought
this was one of the best things that he ever came up with. It's his own hype man there, isn't he?
You like the excellent theorem? Wait till we hear the outstanding theorem.
If you know that the Milky Way is supposedly corrugated, it's like a disc of matter and stars,
but it has ridges in it. Whoa, that's great. Yeah. Is that for strength? Well, it might be,
like because obviously in nature, just if you think about the hexagons in a, in a beast nest,
then they, they come because they're so strong, or so simple. Maybe it is. Maybe it's... Wait,
was there anything else that's natural outside of the Milky Way that's corrugated? Yes.
I know something. And so woodpeckers, they have this cartilage in between their beak and the rest of
their skull, because obviously they head a tree at 50 miles an hour every time. And this cartilage
is corrugated, and it absorbs the shock of the impact, and it stops them from killing themselves
every time they head a tree. No, that's clever. That's that corrugation. Someone is using it at the
moment to develop a safer bike helmet by using a layer of corrugation inside to absorb impacts.
That's cool. That's really cool. Yeah. Just going back to Bel Moral for a minute. The actual ballroom
in Bel Moral now is the largest room in the castle. It's the only one that's open to the public.
And Prince Albert, because Prince Albert bought Bel Moral with his own money,
unlike all the other royal residences, it's actually private properties actually owned
by the royal family, whereas all the other ones are owned by the Crown, which is the legal
personage, which, you know, manages the thing. So they can do with it as they wish. It should put them
McDonald's in it. They also, in the Bel Moral ballroom, the castle ballroom, as it's called, every year,
they hold a gillies ball, because there's 50,000 acres of Bel Moral, so they've already got quite a
few gillies. I think it's 150 staff full-time part-time. And holding a gillies ball, this is my part,
with his favorite joke. He used to say, he used to repeat this joke a lot, which is, he said,
"Moves in America." They have these people called the Moosies. The order of the Moos in Canada,
which is a kind of mate, they like the Maesons. And this guy, my father used to say, he's trying to
get to sleep in this hotel. There's a terrible racket from downstairs. And he rings out the manager,
and he says, "Would you please keep the noise down?" And the manager says, "But sir, they're holding a
Moosies ball." And the guy says, "Well, for God's sake, tell him to let it go." He never taught it as that.
I was reading over Christmas a book by, it was a biography on Robin Williams. And Robin Williams'
mother used to read, so Laurie Williams, she used to read him this book, which she said was her
favorite book, which was supposedly written by 19th century English aside to the hostess.
And it was called, "Balls I Have Held." That's very good.
There was a guide to Ballroom etiquette written in 1880, I think, which I, it has my various
good advice for attending a ball. So, like, for gentlemen, without proper introduction,
ask a lady who he's not acquainted with to dance. She should positively refuse. Things like that,
but I like the fact that during a ball in a ballroom no lady should be left unattended,
which I just quite like. Because they may be removed and destroyed with that ball.
Okay, time for fact number three. And that is just a sneak. My fact is that during the 19th
century, Sadler's Wells Theatre in London was routinely flooded to stage fake naval battles.
I think it's really cool. So, if people aren't familiar with Sadler's Wells, these days it's more
of a ballet dancing theatre, but it's had about five or six iterations, I think, over the past few
hundred years. And yeah, at the turn of the, so between about 1800 and 1820s, this guy decided that
in celebration of Britain's naval prowess, that he would fill it with gallons and gallons of water
and use it to stage fake naval battles. And they weren't a huge amount of trouble for it.
So, they employed it was in 1804 that this, this was begun. And it was the brainchild of someone
called Charles Dibberden, Jr. And he employed all these shipwrites and rigors to exactly replicate
the ships that have been using the British Navy. The scale was one inch per foot, so they weren't
the actual size of ships otherwise, that wouldn't have fitted in the theatre. And yeah, it was filled
with 8,000 cubic feet of, as it was announced, the newspaper and capital letters, real water,
not just fake water, and 117 model ships. And they employed little children, so they put out
adverts asking for children who were able to swim, so that during performances they could have,
when they were staging all these fake naval battles, they could have kids who could swim in the water
that had to be rescued by the actors. And it was commonplace at the end of performances for the
audience to jump into the water at the end, to all flood forward, as it were, and jump in and start
swimming in it. Sounds great. That sounds amazing. The reason, do you know why the reason for these
battles, that between the licensing act of 1737 and the theatres act of 1843, for a hundred years,
only two theatres in the country were allowed to do theatre with dialogue. The two theatres
role, one in Covent Garden, one in Drury Lane. Everyone else could do music, but they couldn't have
speech as well. Wow. So what happened was that they basically became dependent on stuff that didn't
involve any sort of proper acting, so they had to have spectacles of various kinds, and sea battles
were just one of the main things. But in 1784-5, the top of the bill at Sadler's Wells were a play
by Skaglioni's troupe of Thessbian dogs, starring in a stash, the canine-masinee idol of his day,
apparently. Two horses dancing a minuette, a singing dark and a pig that could tell the time.
Like the children's game, what's the time Mr. Pig? So there was this intense clowning,
and so you could have dancing and so on, but you couldn't have proper theatre for over a hundred
years. He was always reading a gremaldi, the great's original clown, he used to perform there a lot,
and indeed he made his first appearance there, age three as a dancer and an Easter Entertainment,
and his last in 1828. So to do his whole life, he was a big fan of Sadler's Wells, and I just want
to mention this thing that one of the highlights of gremaldi's career was in 1807, he was at Sadler's Wells,
and he caused so much hilarity that a deaf and dumb man in the audience recovered his lost powers
of speech and cried out, "What a damned funny fellow!"
I don't want to sound like a Swirlsport or Darren Brown, but I think that guy was a plant.
It seemed more impressive if he was a plant. Can he tell the time as well?
So I read that this genre, there was an actual genre of, as you said, these spectacles which specifically
involved naval scenes, and it was called Aquadrama, all the pages referred to it as Aquadrama,
and one of the shows of Sadler's Wells was called Philip and his dog, or Wes the Child,
and the climax of that show was a dog actor jumping into the water and saving a child from drowning.
Yeah, these huge dog celebrities. Can I have a lot of well-trained dog?
I know. Did they have actors on the boats? Do they stand on the ships?
Yes, they're big enough to do that.
Yes, they did, and there's one quite funny article which points out that everyone so involved in
the show, and it's so captivating that no one notices the problem with perspective whereby the
boats are about a tenth the size, but the people obviously are just people-sized.
I was going to say, because I think they had 117 mini ships on the stage.
That's a lot. Yeah.
Well, they all on stage at once, they can't have been.
I don't know. Why would you not have them all on stage at once?
Why would you show them the ship, yeah?
I think the biggest now, so these are called now Machia Sea Battles, and they date right back to
classical times, but the largest one we had in that era was in 1814, and I came across this by accident,
it was all any newspapers reporting on that day in 1814, and it was in Hyde Park on the Serpentine Lake,
and it was to celebrate the peace in the Napoleonic Wars, so the peace treaty with Napoleon
and the end of that fighting, and to celebrate that apparently, they say it's a huge naval battle,
but newspaper said the whole metropolis seemed depopulated, everyone was centred in the parks,
and the whole of London flocked to Hyde Park and watched this huge naval battle on the Serpentine.
Cool. We have to move on. I've just got one last thing to mention before we do, which is it's a bit of a
it's a bit of a famous rock myth, which I think is really interesting. You know that great rock myth
about the idea of Van Halen saying that if they had brown M&Ms inside there, so they would have
there. This was in the right at you. This was in the right at the idea was that they said this is
what we want in the green room, but we don't want any brown M&Ms. I thought that that was true,
but they did that. It is true that they did that, but so the idea is that they they would come back
and one time David Lee Roth found brown M&Ms and he got furious and he trashed the whole room and
that's what became very famous rock myth, and I say myth, the myth bit is the fact about why he got
angry. He wasn't angry because there were brown M&Ms because he hates them. He was angry because
they were a tiny thing in a very big contract that he sent over because the Van Halen show was
such a spectacle. It was such a massive event that most venues in America couldn't accommodate the
kind of show that they were going to do, and so he would put in precise detail this has to be like
this otherwise people may die, stages cause collapse or that sort of stuff, and if he found brown M&Ms
inside that bowl, he knew that they hadn't read the contract properly. That's really interesting.
Of course, that's one reading that the contract hasn't been read properly, or the other reading is that
the person who's in charge of setting up the stage so it doesn't collapse and kill people isn't
also on M&Ms scouting duty. That's true, that's true. That's one of the great rock sort of stories,
and it's interesting that there was actually a guy concerned with health and safety behind putting
him in the right direction. Yeah, he's been unfairly maligned if that's the case. Yeah, exactly.
Don't miss Adam to tell me this great story about Python's, the pythons when they were their first
live tour, and they went to America I think, and they were having a storm out live tour, and they
went to this hotel, and the manager said, "Gentlemen, as soon as you want to trash the hotel room then go
right ahead, because they loved it, you know, because having the hotel room trash you've got massive
publicity, and of course it's all insured anyway, but you've got the papers." And so the pythons being
very polite, and British said, "No, no, that's quite necessary, don't need to trash anything, we're
very happy. No, please sir, please trash the room." So, look, let me try with that, you know,
like start with this chair and all that stuff, so eventually after not wanting to do this,
Michael Palin kindly went into the bathroom and broke a toothbrush.
Okay, time for our final facts, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
My fact is that the practice of dog owners pretending that they haven't seen
their dog having a crap. It's technically known as strategic non-knowledge, and it's conducted by
somebody who's genuinely called Dr. Gross. This old gross person, Matthew Gross, he's a German
sociology professor, and he's spent 10 years following dog owners around at all different times of
day observing them and seeing how they live. And so he decided that this is a new sort of aspect
to what we do. We kind of, yeah, it's that there's a specific way of not knowing about something,
or deciding that you're not going to know about something happening because you think it's disgusting.
So, and he found out a lot of other things, so often before people actually do pick up their dogs
poo, they will look over their shoulder and they will try and make sure that other people can see
them doing the right thing, basically, or sometimes if they, if there's no one around or if they
really don't want to, they'll start to put their hand in their pocket for a plastic bag or something
and they'll take it out again. They just, they'll decide at the last minute, not to. Wow.
Andy, what is the thing about people doing the poop-a-scoop, putting it in the bag and then hanging
it on a tree? What's that for? Well, he has a theory about this. Which is that it's a form of passive
resistance that people are saying I don't, people are saying I know it's the right thing to pick this
up, but I resent having to do it. Therefore, I'm going to leave it anonymously because he said he
followed people for years and he never saw anyone leave it on a tree. Therefore, people must be leaving
it when there's no one else around, but making sure that no one sees them doing it. Is it a form of
decoration, maybe? Maybe it's making a double mark for their dog. So, the dog pisses on the tree
below. He sticks the poo up. It's just a total, that's my dog's tree. And no matter how high your dog is,
they do, they do this thing that because obviously it's a big problem. Everyone hates the idea of
seeing poo in the street. DNA dog testing is a new thing now, where they sample the poo and they can
identify now whose dog it is. So, you can no longer, they're doing this in London, London is where
it kind of started. It feels like it would really give you the DNA of whatever the dog's eaten,
rather than the dog itself, isn't it? Yeah, that's true. A cow took a poo. A tin of pedigree
charm has been defining the street again. That's true, but no. So, they now have 18,000 dogs when
this article was published in the power of barking. And they've registered their DNA. So, if you find poo
on the street now, you can take it in and they can go, okay, that's Mike's dog. I think I might just
still leave it rather than take it in. Well, you get big time. Also, the fatal flaw in this is that
because I think it's all voluntary, whether you submit your dog's DNA to this DNA database. So,
it relies on the people who decided to go and submit their dog's DNA, then also being the kind
of people who aren't going to pick up poo as a serious selection, but it's kind of problem here.
That is tricky. Why don't policemen have to get off their police horses and, you know,
with a shovel? Get a sack. Giant bin liner. Next to an enormous tree.
The guy who did this, Matthew Gross, he wanted, you asked about leaving things by a tree. He wanted to ask
owners about the practice. And very bravely, he approached them and started asking them about it.
And apparently, in his own words, some of the friendlier comments included mind your own business.
And don't you have anything else to do? That reminds me of the study of the guy who
cycled around a town on a unicycle and made a list of all the different comments that he got,
and something like two-thirds of them were something to be effected of was your other wheel.
So, I'm pretending not to know things. This is from a book called Why Everyone Else Is A Hippocrite,
which deals with some of these questions, like Anna was saying, of self-deception. So, I just
wanted to quote a bit of it. So, there are lots of situations where if you don't know something,
you can avoid a situation, which is a lose-lose situation, just by pretending not to know or not to
understand something. So, this is the line. If you see a building on fire and a small boy comes to
tell you that a cat is caught in the window, your options are either to risk yourself to save the cat
or take the reputational hit of neglecting or socially perceived duty to rescue the cat.
And then there's a footnote in the book where it says, you could kill the boy, but then you've got
other problems. So, whereas if you simply pretend that you don't understand the language the boy is
speaking, then you don't have to rescue the cat. You don't have to risk your life. Yeah, or kill the boy.
Or kill the boy. According to a survey commissioned by Samaritans quite recently,
three times more men than women would pretend not to notice if a friend broke down in tears
in front of them. Bloody hell. That takes a lot of not noticing.
Broke down in tears, not even just a little dribble and proper hysterical, crying fit. Three times more.
I mean, you can't say whether that's positive or negative though, because is it thoughtfulness
for the person? I might well do that because you don't want to make the person feel uncomfortable.
It's true. You could go up to them and say they're there, or you could walk off, or you could kill them.
All of those would stop the cry. That will shut them up.
But I have noticed with British people, generally, this is one observation I picked up from being here,
is that if people are talking in a room and someone farts loudly, just people just continue talking.
They just walk over it. This is their own research, isn't it?
Yeah. You may even have been noticing it would be conducting my study in the office for the last few years.
We've edited those all out of the book.
Yeah, pretending not to know stuff is huge, especially in Britain.
So, interestingly, because the scientists don't understand why we do lie though,
and I don't think it's as simple as we think. That's what they say.
So, there's this thing called smork, which is the simple model of rational crime,
which says that we lie for rational reasons. So, we lie when it's going to benefit us.
So, I five stolen something and then someone asked me if I've stolen something in a lie,
so I don't get in trouble. But actually, and I basically started the podcast just as I was in the middle
of reading this. I didn't see examples, but it's this guy called Dan Ariely, who tested the smork principle.
And it's not true. We don't lie instinctively in a way that benefits us at all.
We lie in a way that says we want to present ourselves as a certain as something,
or something that's to do with our own self-image. It's not to save ourselves from something.
So, we don't, I don't think we really know where we lie.
I think my favourite thing about lying is that very small children under the age of about four never lie,
because they think you can read their mind. Is that why?
Because they think that that voice we all have in our head that we've got used to.
Small children just hear this as a kind of constant thing. They think, well, everybody,
but I can hear it. Everyone else must be able to hear it.
I can sort of, can't you remember, I can sort of remember thinking that.
I can remember being convinced that I could say which voice.
And if you're a manipulative parent, you could really use that to your advantage,
and show that the child never stole a biscuit again.
Or you could kill the boy, but then you'd have other people.
So chimpanzees can do this thing.
Sometimes if chimpanzee is foraging for food, he'll see something really tasty,
and then just kind of what past it pretending he didn't see it,
just so that no other chimpanzee can see him kind of getting an eye on it.
Wow. Apparently sometimes a competitor chimpanzee will kind of notice what he's doing,
and then what past the pretending chimpanzee hide behind a tree,
and then peep out to see if the pretending chimpanzee really does have some food after all.
The geniuses.
Yeah, I love it now, and then another animal apart from us has evolved nonchalants.
Yes, that's great.
No, no, don't get not a banana guy, not me. We should wrap up very quickly, because we should wrap it up.
Indeed, I think that's the message of this podcast, because we should be wrapped up and disposed on
responses. I think we really need to wrap up and tie this podcast around the tree.
Actually, have you guys ever enjoyed your bowel movements?
Love them.
Yes or no? Do you enjoy your bowel movements?
This was a study done, actually, to test whether lions were more successful than they are,
and the way they did the study with these two scientists stayed up really late,
had a few drinks. This is in the '90s, I think.
Had a few drinks and said, "Okay, we need to ask people questions
that we definitely know the answers, yes, but I bet people will lie about it."
And so one of their questions was, "Do you enjoy your bowel movements?"
And they were like, "Well, obviously everyone does."
So if they say, "No, they're lions." And other questions in this study include it.
Have you ever doubted your sexual adequacy?
Apparently, anyone who said no to that, they're going, "Oh, obviously, a lion."
And have you ever thought about committing suicide to get back at somebody?
Anyone who says no to that, they've got to be a lion.
That's how you tell, then you do this study.
Apparently, these scientists concluded we've all wanted to do this.
They're called Ruben Gur and Harold Sakaiin.
Wow. Wow.
I'm going to kill myself to get back at them.
Or I'll just have a nice poo first.
Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
Thank you so much for listening.
High five to Anna for asking her boss if he enjoys his bowel movements.
See you afterwards.
We could all be reached on our Twitter handles.
I'm on @ShriverLand, Andy.
@AndreyHunterM.
James.
@Xshaped.
John.
I have someone do that for me.
Kazinsky.
Hello to you.
Sure, you can email podcast@QI.com,
which someone else won't be monitoring after this podcast, I suspect.
I'll be on JobSekers.com.
You can also get to us on @QIPodcast,
and you can go to the QI.com/podcast,
where we have all of our previous episodes, all 59 up there.
And we'll be back again next week with another episode.
Thanks so much. Good bye.
[MUSIC]
[BLANK_AUDIO]